docs: add infracost-plan-json example with example test pipeline (#10)
infracost/infracost-azure-devops: examples/multi-project/README.md

# Multi-project

> These examples show how to run Infracost Azure Devops tasks against a multi-project setup using either an [Infracost config file](https://www.infracost.io/docs/multi_project/config_file) or a GitHub Actions build matrix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These examples show how to run Infracost Azure Devops tasks against a multi-project setup using either an [Infracost config file](https://www.infracost.io/docs/multi_project/config_file) or the Azure DevOps pipeline matrix strategy.
```
